# telemedico
Telemedicine app with Dhis2 iot integration

Telehealth is the use of a technology-based virtual platform to deliver various aspects of health information, prevention, monitoring, and medical care. The fastest growing sector of health care, telehealth’s largest segment is telemedicine. Narrowly, telemedicine is defined as the practice of medicine via a remote electronic interface. There are distinctions within telemedicine delivery. Remote patient monitoring involves continuous evaluation of a patient’s clinical status, whether through direct video monitoring of the patient or via review of tests and images collected remotely. Newer technologies, such as mobile applications on devices, allows for a wider breadth of telehealth possibilities. In this case the goal is to remotely monitor patient’s temperature and heart rate for chronically ill patients, the elderly, the handicapped and in the case of Covid-19 diagnosis. The system will be using remote sensors (i.e temperature and heart rate) that will transmit data over the internet through and microcontroller with embedded ESP8266-ESP32 Wi-Fi Module to the DHIS2 cloud server for analysis, review and emergence treatment. The mobile application will also be available to the patients so they will check their trends and receive notifications in acute conditions in real-time. The doctor or healthcare provider will also receive notifications in real-time and can also view patients’ trends over a period using DHIS2 Dashboards (Data Visualization). 
